Add sections how to reset the mysql db - Closes #1270 (#1311)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/docker.adoc

Welcome to the MySQL monitor.  Commands end with ; or \g.
Your MySQL connection id is 2044
Server version: 8.0.27 MySQL Community Server - GPL

Copyright (c) 2000, 2021, Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its
affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective
owners.

Type 'help;' or '\h' for help. Type '\c' to clear the current input statement.
mysql> drop database lisk; # <2>
mysql> create database lisk; # <3>
mysql> quit; # <4>
----

<1> Login to MYSQL with the `lisk` user.
<2> Drop the `lisk` database.
<3> Create a fresh database `lisk`.
<4> Log out from MYSQL by typing `quit;`. Log out of the docker container by pressing kbd:[CRTL] + kbd:[D].

=== Flush Redis DB

Reset the databases for Redis after dropping the MYSQL database:

[source,bash]
----
sudo docker exec -it lisk-service_redis_core_persistent_1 /bin/sh
redis-cli flushall
----

[source,bash]
----
sudo docker exec -it lisk-service_redis_core_volatile_1 /bin/sh
redis-cli flushall
----

TIP: Log out of the docker containers again by pressing kbd:[CRTL] + kbd:[D].

[NOTE]
====
The `flushall` command removes all existing redis databases:

> > Deletes all the keys of all the existing databases, not just the currently selected one. This command never fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Deletes all the keys of all the existing databases, not just the current selected one. This command never fails.
```

For more information check the Redis documentation: https://redis.io/commands/FLUSHALL[FLUSHALL]

To flush only a particular DB in Redis, run instead:
----
 redis-cli -n <db_number> flushdb
----
====

=== Start Lisk Service

After the databases are reset, start Lisk Service again as usual:

 make up

> NOTE: When Lisk Service is started again after a database reset, it takes a long time to reindex all the data. Currently, this might take up to 2 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When Lisk Service is started again after a database reset, then the process to reindex all the data is initiated. This can be quite time-consuming and may take up to 2 hours.
```
